Updating secondary and reverse button to use correct variable rather the darken (#908)
nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated header component unit tests ([PR 900](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/pull/900)).
- Fixed bug where the header didn't align with the main width container ([PR 902](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/pull/902)). This fixes [Issue 901](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/issues/901)

> - Updating secondary and reverse buttosn to use their hover variable rather than darken

Reviewer: Tiny typo

```suggestion
- Updating secondary and reverse buttons to use their hover variable rather than darkening the base colour
```
